############################################
# Remaining Work
########################
Put on main page:
•	Title “Davisson-Germer: Electron Diffraction.”
•	Blurb for web page: “Simulate the original experiment that proved that electrons can behave as waves.  Watch electrons diffract off a crystal of atoms, interfering with themselves to create peaks and troughs of probability.”

Needs Spanish.

One thing that is problematic is that right now the spacing and
separation sliders can be set to a very fine grain of resolution, but
this fine grain doesn't actually appear in the play area, which is very
confusing.  The slider for radius can be increased in increments of
0.01, but the actual radius increases only in units of 0.1.  And there
are basically only two settings for radius - 0.1 and 0.2.
  In any case, both
the spacing and the separation should snap to the values that are
actually allowed by the grid, and not be able to be set to any
intermediate values.

Also, the labels on the graph are better, but they take up too much
space.  Can you put the labels on two lines, as in the following:
v=1270km/s
D=0.6nm
To make it clear what D is, change the label for the separation slider
from "Atom Separation" to "Atom Separation (D)."  This will also help
students connect what they're seeing on the sim to the equations in
their book.

The gray in the control panel is too boring.  Can you change it to the
same color you're using for the control panel in the latest version of QWI?

If it's easy, it would also be nice to make the simulation a little 
smaller, the way it is in QWI, to get rid of all the empty space.

This is a very minor point, but when I open Help->About, the entire
blurb is on one line, so the dialog box is very wide.  If this is easy
to fix, fix it.  If not, leave it.

Finally, I still have a lot of problems with the text in the control
area disappearing because the sim is working so hard.  I thought I
remembered Chris saying you guys had figured out a way to solve this
problem.  If this is easy to fix, please do so.  If not, just make a
note of it and don't worry about it.

############################################
# Low Priority
########################
Protractor no longer looks centered on lead atom (off by 1 grid cell or so).  I couldn’t fix this easily.

Sliders in control panel should move in correct increments, especially for atom size: readout is continuous, but there are only 3 or so discrete sizes.
    Difficult, maybe not worth it right now.