{\rtf0\mac\deff21{\fonttbl{\f3044 \fnil American Typewriter;}{\f3045 \fnil American Typewriter Condensed;}{\f3047 \fnil American Typewriter Condensed Light;}{\f3046 \fnil American Typewriter Light;}{\f2311 \fnil Apple Chancery;}{\f2001 \fnil Arial;}{\f12077 \fnil Arial Black;}{\f2000 \fnil Arial Narrow;}{\f3007 \fnil Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f2424 \fnil Baskerville;}{\f2425 \fnil Baskerville Semibold;}{\f2474 \fnil Big Caslon;}{\f3017 \fnil Brush Script MT;}{\f-28928 \fnil Chalkboard;}{\f14651 \fnil Cochin;}{\f4513 \fnil Comic Sans MS;}{\f2224 \fnil Copperplate;}{\f2422 \fnil Copperplate Light;}{\f22 \fmodern Courier;}{\f2005 \fnil Courier New;}{\f8916 \fnil Didot;}{\f4060 \fnil Futura;}{\f4061 \fnil Futura Condensed;}{\f-8096 \fnil Geeza Pro;}{\f-22592 \fnil Geeza Pro Bold;}{\f3 \fswiss Geneva;}{\f12171 \fnil Georgia;}{\f4242 \fnil Gill Sans;}{\f4243 \fnil Gill Sans Light;}{\f21 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f4684 \fnil Helvetica Neue;}{\f4889 \fnil Helvetica Neue Black Condensed;}{\f4685 \fnil Helvetica Neue Bold Condensed;}{\f4846 \fnil Helvetica Neue Light;}{\f4688 \fnil Helvetica Neue UltraLight;}{\f4224 \fnil Herculanum;}{\f2013 \fnil Hoefler Text;}{\f2018 \fnil Hoefler Text Ornaments;}{\f1024 \fnil Lucida Grande;}{\f2020 \fnil Marker Felt;}{\f4 \fmodern Monaco;}{\f2515 \fnil MT Extra;}{\f6376 \fnil Optima;}{\f4154 \fnil Optima ExtraBlack;}{\f5136 \fnil Papyrus;}{\f9146 \fnil PG Music Font;}{\f2705 \fnil PG Text N;}{\f2040 \fnil Skia;}{\f23 \ftech Symbol;}{\f20 \froman Times;}{\f2010 \fnil Times New Roman;}{\f1109 \fnil Trebuchet MS;}{\f7203 \fnil Verdana;}{\f14213 \fnil Webdings;}{\f1236 \fnil Zapf Dingbats;}{\f642 \fnil Zapfino;}{\f30742 \fnil Courier CE;}{\f30723 \fnil Geneva CE;}{\f30741 \fnil Helvetica CE;}{\f30724 \fnil Monaco CE;}{\f30740 \fnil Times CE;}{\f19464 \fnil Lucida Grande CY;}{\f17168 \fnil Apple LiGothic Medium;}{\f28930 \fnil Hei;}{\f-935 \fnil 华文黑体;}{\f-27847 \fnil 华文细黑;}{\f16384 \fnil Osaka;}{\f16436 \fnil Osaka|;}{\f-31551 \fnil qMmpS Pro W3;}{\f-31647 \fnil qMmpS Pro W6;}{\f-24831 \fnil qMmpS Std W8;}{\f-29759 \fnil qMmS Pro W4;}{\f-28671 \fnil qMm Pro W3;}{\f-28767 \fnil qMm Pro W6;}{\f17410 \fnil AppleGothic;}}
{\colortbl\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\sbasedon222\snext Normal;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margt1440\margb1440\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl\ftnbj\ftnrestart\ftnstart1\pgnstart1\deftab720\sectd\linemod0\linex0\cols1\colsx0
\pard\plain\pard\qc{\plain\b\f1024\fs36\cf1 Faraday simulation physics \par }
\pard\qc{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 (how it\'d5s implemented, how it works)}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\qc{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 Chris Malley (cmalley@pixelzoom.com)\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 This document describes the physics-related bits of the Faraday simulation.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 Other implementation details should be obvious from reading the code or javadoc.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 Terminology}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 B-field is another name for magnetic field.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 Some quantities are referred to as }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 amplitude}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  (for example \'d2voltage amplitude\'d3). Amplitude represents how the value relates to the maximum value. For example if the voltage of an AC Power Supply is 20v, and its maximum voltage is 100v, then its voltage amplitude is 20/100 = 0.2.  Throughout the imple}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 mentation, amplitude is expressed as a value from 0...1 or -1...+1, depending on the quantity.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 There are two basic types of \'d2players\'d3 in the simulation: B-field }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 P}
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 roducers}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  and B-field }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 C}
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 onsumers}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 .\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 B-Field }
{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 Producers}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The simulation contains 3 B-field producers: }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 BarMagnet, Electromagnet and Turbine}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 .\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 All magnets (}
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 BarMagnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 , }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Electromagnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  and }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Turbine}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 ) can provide the B-field vector at a point of interest, relative to the magnet\'d5s location.  In reality, the B-field decreases as a function of the distance cubed (exponent=3).  But to make things look better in the simulation, you have the option of speci}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 fy the exponent.  The compass grid and field meter both uses exponent=3.  The PickupCoil uses exponent=2.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 BarMagnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is based on a }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 dipole magnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 . See the javadoc in DipoleMagnet for details.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Electromagnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is based on a }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 coil magnet}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  model. See the javadoc in CoilMagnet for details. It's voltage source can be either a }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Battery}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  or an }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 ACPowerSupply}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 . The strength of the B-field produced by the electromagnet is proportional  to the amplitude of the voltage in the voltage source and the number of loop in the coil.  The current in the coil is proportional to the amplitude of  the voltage source. Note th}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 at there is no model of resistance for the coil or voltage source.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Battery}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is rather straightforward. It has a maximum voltage, and its voltage amplitude is varies by the user via a slider control.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 AC Power Supply}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  has a configurable maximum voltage. The user varies the maximum voltage amplitude and frequency using sliders. The voltage amplitude varies over time.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Turbine}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is based on the same dipole magnet model as the BarMagnet, and is in fact graphically represented as a rotating bar magnet, attached to a water wheel.  The B-field produced by the turbine is proportional to the rotational speed of the water wheel.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 B-Field }
{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 Consumers}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The simulation contains 4 B-field consumers: }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Compass, CompassGrid, FieldMeter and PickupCoil}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 .  All of these things  can be influenced by only one magnet; there is no support for multiple magnets.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Compass}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  asks the magnet for the B-field vector at the Compass' location. The }
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 Compass}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 ' "behavior" determines how it reacts to the B-field.  There are 3 types of behavior, implemented as inner classes of the Compass class. "Simple" behavior causes the compass needle to immediately align itself with the B-field direction.  "Incremental" beha}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 vior causes the compass needle to animate the rotation required to align itself with the B-field direction. "Kinematic" behavior is the most "real" looking and uses a }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Verlet algorithm for rotational kinematics}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 . This causes the compass needle to rotate and exhibit inertia, angular acceleration, and angular  velocity; the needle will appear to wobble as it reaches equilibrium.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 CompassGrid}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is a representation of a magnet\'d5s B-field. It is composed of a bunch of compass needles, located on an equally-space grid of points in 2D space.  The grid asks the magnet for the B-field vector at each of the grid points, and immediately  aligns the corre}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 sponding needles with the B-field direction.  Points with field strength below a configured threshold are ignored, and their corresponding needles are not rendered.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 FieldMeter}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  asks the magnet for the B-field vector at the meter's location. It then displays the vector components: magnitude, X, Y, angle.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 PickupCoil}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is the most compilcated B-field consumer, and the place where }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Faraday\'d5s Law}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  is implemented.  (We won\'d5t be describing Faraday\'d5s Law here; consult your physics textbook.)  The B-field is calculated using a set of sample points across the center loop of the coil.  (The number of sample points is configurable, but 9 seems to be a goo}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 d number.)  The B-field values at the sample points are averaged to compute the flux in one loop of the coil, then multiplied by the number of loops.  If there is a change in flux, than an emf is induced.  The current in the coil (magnitude and direction) }
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 is a function of the induced emf.  The PickupCoil can have one of two indicators attached (Lightbulb or Voltmeter) which display the current in the coil. Both of these indicators can be scaled, so that they react nicely in situations with various magnet st}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 rengths.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Lightbulb}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \'d5s intensity is proportional to the amplitude of the current in the pickup coil.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 The }
{\plain\b\f1024\fs24\cf1 Voltmeter}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \'d5s needle deflection is proportial to the }
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 amplitude of the current}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1  in the pickup coil. The Voltmeter uses an ah hoc algorithm that makes the needle wobble around the zero point.\par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\b\ul\f1024\fs28\cf1 Miscellaneous}
{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 \par }
\pard\ql{\plain\f1024\fs24\cf1 All parameterization of the simulation is done via Java constant definitions. FaradayConfig contains all of the global parameters for the simulation. Parameters that are specific to a module are specified in that module.}
}