<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Jonathan's Progress since last meeting</title>
</head>
<body>

<h3>Flash-common</h3>
<ul>
    <li>Added credits dialog</li>
    <li>Added installation update UI, consolidated update requests to phet-info.php</li>
    <li>Removed unused common strings</li>
    <li>
        <b>Alpha issues:</b>
        <ul>
            <li>Statistics details dialog now unresizable</li>
            <li>Will not send messages to the server if FlashVars are not specified (someone tries to run SWF directly)</li>
            <li>Fixed text-area problem with extra space below (changed padding of all dialogs to compensate)</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>Flash-launcher</h3>
<ul>
    <li>Fix so that JARs with spaces in their absolute path will run</li>
    <li>flash-common-strings sim will display a message instead of running, almost identical to java-common-strings</li>
</ul>

<h3>Statistics-database</h3>
<ul>
    <li>Timestamp bug (off by 30 minutes) fixed, was caused by incorrect hellcat clock</li>
    <li>Changed how messages are passed and how status is returned to be more consistent with the website (this might change before beta!)</li>
    
    <li>
        Stress tests
        <ol>
            <li>
                <b>Endurance test</b><br/>
                <ul>
                    <li>Run from 11 different computers for over two and a half hours at 100 times the expected traffic volume.</li>
                    <li>All 110000 messages successfully received.</li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
                <b>Burst test</b><br/>
                 <ul>
                    <li>Was running into connections timing out with bursts over 150 messages.</li>
                    <li>Root cause was the webserver (Apache), not the statistics database. The whole website has a limited number of connections</li>
                    <li>ITS changed MaxClients to 250 (Apache limits this value to 256)</li>
                </ul>
            </li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    <li>Raw logging is now off. If a database error occurs, it will store the entire message that was sent (is this OK?)</li>
    <li>Secured all reporting scripts against malicious attacks (even if someone has the reporting login and password)</li>
    <li>Added scripts to manually back up or restore the database (do we want backups to be automatic?)</li>
    <li>Added estimated number of unique users to the <a href="http://phet.colorado.edu/statistics/report/general-query.php">report script</a></li>
    <li>
        <b>Alpha issue:</b>
        Messages sent with user_installation_timestamp of -1 were temporarily accepted for alpha releases.
        This showed up in the user data as 0's, and caused rows to be duplicated. (fixed) 
    </li>
</ul>

I am running out of work that is necessary to do before IOM, should I start working on sim-specific issues and bug-fixes?<br/>
There appear to be 11 open tickets for specific Flash simulations.


<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>

</body>
</html>